Privacy Policy
Effective date: December 1st, 2020


Tesoro pty(Ltd) ("us", "we", or "our") operates the https://lumic.live and the Lumic mobile application (the "Service").

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.


We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.


Definitions

Personal Data
​
Personal Data means data about an individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).

​

Usage Data
​
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

​

Cookies
​
Cookies are small pieces of data stored on a User’s device.

​

Data Controller
​
Data Controller means a person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed.

For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data.

​

Data Processor (or Service Providers)
​
Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any person (other than an employee of the Data Controller) who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.

We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.

​

Data Subject
​
Data Subject is any individual who is the subject of Personal Data.

User
​
The User is the individual using our Service. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.

​

Information Collection And Use
​
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.

​

Types of Data Collected
​
Personal Data
​
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with Personal Data including:

Email address

First name and last name

Social Network Authentication

We may also collect certain information automatically through cookies and similar tools (see Usage Data and Tracking & Cookies below.

We use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.

​

Usage Data
​
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile device ("Usage Data").

This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

​

Tracking & Cookies Data
​
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.

Cookies are files with small amounts of data which may include a unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.

You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.

Examples of Cookies we use:

Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.

Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.

Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.

Some of our service providers also use cookies and tracking tools. See Analytics and Behavioural Remarketing below.


Use of Data
​
Tesoro pty(Ltd) uses the collected data:

To provide and maintain our Service

To notify you about changes to our Service

To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so

To provide customer support

To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service

To monitor the usage of our Service

To train machine learning models

To detect, prevent and address technical issues

To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information

​

Retention of Data
​
Tesoro pty(Ltd) will retain your Personal Data on our servers or those of our service providers only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

​

Tesoro pty(Ltd) will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

​

Transfer of Data
​
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computer systems owned or controlled by us or our service providers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.

​

If you are located outside South Africa and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to South Africa and process it there.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

​

Tesoro pty(Ltd) will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.

​

Disclosure Of Data
​
Business Transaction
​
If Tesoro pty(Ltd) is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.

​

Disclosure for Law Enforcement
​
Under certain circumstances, Tesoro pty(Ltd) may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

​

Legal Requirements
​
Tesoro pty(Ltd) may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

To comply with a legal obligation

To protect and defend the rights or property of Tesoro pty(Ltd)

To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service

To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public

To protect against legal liability

​

Service Providers
​
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

​

Payments
​
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).

All payments will be made through the Google play store or Apple app store.

​

Legal Basis for Processing
​
We rely on one or more of the following legal grounds (as appropriate) to process Personal Data:

To enter and perform a contract with you or to perform any steps you require from us before entering into a contract.

To pursue our legitimate business interests in establishing, managing or concluding our business relationship with you.

Where you have specifically consented to us processing your Personal Data.

To comply with our legal obligations and establish, exercise or defend our legal rights.

Where Personal Data is processed with consent, you may (subject to contractual and legal restrictions) refuse to provide your consent, or choose to withdraw your consent by contacting us as described below. Note that if you refuse to consent, or withdraw your consent, to certain processing of your personal information, we may not be able to provide certain of our services.

​

Your Rights
​
Tesoro pty(Ltd) aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.

Whenever made possible, you can update your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to change your Personal Data, please contact us to make the required changes.

If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.

In certain circumstances, you have the right:

To access and receive a copy of the Personal Data we hold about you

To rectify any Personal Data held about you that is inaccurate

To request the deletion of Personal Data held about you

You have the right to data portability for the information you provide to Tesoro pty(Ltd). You can request to obtain a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used electronic format so that you can manage and move it.

Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.

​

Changes To This Privacy Policy
​
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.



Links To Other Sites
​
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

​

Children's Privacy
​
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("Children").

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children have provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

​

Security Of Data
​
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Authorized employees, representatives and agents will have access to your Personal Data for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.



Contact Us
​
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@lumic.live
